Q 1.1-1
	Give a real-world example that requires sorting or a real-world example that requires
	computing a convex hull.
A
	SORTING - Getting the lowest price flight while booking ticket requires sorting of flight list.
	CONVEX HULL - To build a fence around some area which includes certain points.
	
Q 1.1-2
	Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world
	setting?
A
	Space or memory is used to measure the efficiency of a program other than speed.
	
Q 1.1-3
	Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and
	limitations.
A
	Disjoint set is used to find connected sets. It is used in Kruskel algorithm to find MST
	It can be used to find two connected sets or to merge two sets in O(logn) time.
	Limitation is that extra storage is required which is equal to input size.
	
Q 1.1-4
	How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar?
	How are they different?
A
	Shortest-path algorithm is used to find shortest path between two nodes with
	or without covering all nodes.
	Traveling salesman problem find the minimum cost path but to every node in the 
	graph while traversing.
	
Q 1.1-5
	Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then
	come up with one in which a solution that is “approximately” the best is good
	enough.
A 	
	Plane height from ground measurement needs to be calculated accurately using best Solution.
	Mobile battery percentage calculation needs not to be perfect.
	
Q 1.2-1
	Give an example of an application that requires algorithmic content at the application
	level, and discuss the function of the algorithms involved.
A
	A Video chat applications requires searching of participants by their name.So A tree is used 
	to find all participants whose name starts with given query.
	
Q 1.2-2
	Suppose we are comparing implementations of insertion sort and merge sort on the
	same machine. For inputs of size n, insertion sort runs in 8n2 steps, while merge
	sort runs in 64nlgn steps. For which values of n does insertion sort beat merge
	sort?
A	We have to find the value of n such that
				n < 8lgn
	The value came about to be 43.

Q 1.2-3
	What is the smallest value of n such that an algorithm whose running time is 100n2
	runs faster than an algorithm whose running time is 2n on the same machine?
A
	we have to find value of n such that 
				100n^2 < 2^n 
	The value came about to be 15.
	

	